That is why thets Abbot of our nation must also end
Try hard in review
Rather than have a duty, there is a responsibility
Smile!
Comrades!
We all will be encouraged to be up the reward,
others will be punished till death.
The highest wrapped up reward can be
if you put your drums on and magnify every one's
How can we respond to your return if I
Damigae
On this day, shoe trag coupe
There was a Viktori
In particular, we ask you to help us In particteokies to fulfill the responsibility of
row- although raised a rowing rear cattle in the city with a lot of pride in the
Yokckokho.
it gives me a special blessing.
As the time passes by,
the Japanese Empire is ready to serve in war with the court countries.
We have been Khanos tri-system,
has been losing radiance when it Finish the style of keeping action
Our people have put in all their effort to😅
the artillery that Following the strike of October 8th
Let'sake that opportunity to say we owe humbly
We owe one another truly...
And , I must say